coming to lose the jimmies that you've
seen how everything is just really
digging I mean it's like it's gonna be
really nice and we did a lot clean and
stuff and also very nice so so this is
why there's a lot bigger than I thought
it would be a lot bigger in here than it
looks from from outside it was really
surprising and student sections right on
the court which is really cool the
locker room looks great seems like they
put a lot of great working in this it
looks great brand new arena a lot of
energy I feel like we can get a great
atmosphere in here and get a great home
court advantage gonna be a great place
to play I can tell you that it's gonna
be pretty fun
obviously it's new for everybody and
everybody's excited already sold out so
I mean especially for these like for the
first couple games okay
someone's been going pretty good so far
about everybody here finally and just
been getting up in the morning having a
weights and conditioning stuff getting
everybody in shape and trying to do the
very same thing the most part everybody
seems like they get along well and I
mean I certainly me just ought all to
come together and stuff so for the most
part but I know what you're going to get
as far as some finishes though we still
finish the 10 question in the big 10 I
mean but I think with this and with a
great atmosphere I feel like we can get
a lot more wins and things like that if
we come together as a team
force and create a great advantage here
at clinical bank and get get a lot more
wins here